Semantic Forms Inputs is an extension to Mediawiki providing
additional input types for Semantic Mediawikis that use the Semantic
Forms extension.

The Semantic Forms extension allows users to add, edit and query data
of a Semantic Mediawiki using forms. For every form field the input
type specifies the type of input a field will have in the
form. Semantic Forms comes with basic input types for all data
types. This extension -- Semantic Forms Inputs -- aims to collect
further, optically and/or functionally enhanced input types.

For the full description see Semantic Forms Inputs on Mediawiki.org:
http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:Semantic_Forms_Inputs

This software is licensed under the BSD License. See the LICENSE file.


== Installation ==

Remember that having Semantic Mediawiki and Semantic Forms installed
is a precondition for the Semantic Forms Inputs extension; the code
will not work without it.

For the date picker to work the Yahoo! User Interface (YUI) Javascript
library (version 2.7.0b or higher) must be available, either locally
installed or via existing internet connection. As the library is used
by the Semantic Forms extension as well, this should not be a problem.

(The HeaderTabs extension 0.6.6 seems to work with 2.7.0b with some
small change in the HeaderTabs.php: Remove the if-clause in lines 118
.. 126, then remove " . style" from line 127. The catch with that
solution is, that the browser history feature of the Header Tabs will
still not work, so you will have to deactivate it.)

To install Semantic Forms Inputs create a directory named
SemanticFormsInputs in the extensions directory of your mediawiki
installation and copy the extension's files into it. Then add the
following line to your LocalSettings.php below the inclusion of the
Semantic Forms extension:

require_once('extensions/SemanticFormsInputs/SemanticFormsInputs.php');

You can tweak the settings of the Semantic Forms Inputs extension in the 
SemanticFormsInputs.Settings.inc file.


== Credits ==

Semantic Forms Inputs was written by Stephan Gambke.

The Semantic Forms Inputs extension uses the Yahoo! User Interfaces
library. See http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/

Button icons are derived from the Mini Icons 2 icon set from
brandspankingnew.net. See
http://www.brandspankingnew.net/archive/2006/12/hohoho.html


== Contact ==

Comments, questions, bug reports and suggestions can be send or posted
to

- the appropriate Semantic Mediawiki mailing list:
  http://sourceforge.net/projects/semediawiki/support

- the Semantic Forms Inputs discussion page on Mediawiki.org:
  http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension_talk:Semantic_Forms_Inputs

- Stephan Gambke: f.trott@gmx.net
